Add note to api conventions about kind: List (#5903)
kubernetes/community: contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md

   Examples: `PodList`, `ServiceList`, `NodeList`.

Note that`kubectl` and other tools sometimes output collections of resources

> as `kind: List`. Keep in mind that `kind: List`" is not an API object but is
> simply used by those tools to present groups of mixed resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as `kind: List`. Keep in mind that `kind: List`" is not part of the Kubernetes API; it is
exposing an implementation detail from client-side code in those tools, used to
handle groups of mixed resources.
```
?

Author: Done.

   Examples: `PodList`, `ServiceList`, `NodeList`.

Note that`kubectl` and other tools sometimes output collections of resources

> as `kind: List`. Keep in mind that `kind: List`" is not part of the Kubernetes API; it is

Reviewer: Oops: thought I'd fixed this:
```suggestion
as `kind: List`. Keep in mind that `kind: List` is not part of the Kubernetes API; it is
```
